This is a 2-field-period vacuum configuration. We optimize for
quasi-axisymmetry, also targeting iota so the optimum is not true
axisymmetry, and also targeting the aspect ratio so the aspect ratio
does not increase.  No attempt is made to control magnetic shear.  The
parameter space is the Fourier RBC/ZBS coefficients of the boundary
surface, keeping poloidal modes up to m <= 2 and toroidal modes up to
|n| < 2.  This is a relatively small number of modes, so the level of
quasisymmetry obtained is ok but not spectacular, while the size of
the parameter space is not too great.

Unlike the lower-dimensional problems, the optimum found for this
problem seems sensitive to the initial condition. In some cases with a
"cold start", the optimizer can get stuck in a bad region of parameter
space where the boundary surface has cusps. For other algorithms and
initial conditions, optima are found that meet the desired objectives
well, but the results can have a range of magnetic shear profiles.
This behavior suggests there is a valley in parameter space, with a
range of optima along the bottom of the valley. It is likely that
adding one or more additional terms to the objective function, such as
iota on axis to control magnetic shear, would remove this degeneracy.

Quasisymmetry is targeted at the surface s=0.5. Since ns is even,
there is a half-mesh surface exactly at s=0.5.

This example is very similar to the 8DOF_targetBoundaryQA_iota_aspect
scenario. There are two differences: quasisymmetry is targeted at half
flux instead of the boundary, and ns is 50 instead of 51.

Iota is targeted at the edge, with a target value of -0.47, to avoid
the resonance at -0.5.  The objective function does not attempt to
control magnetic shear.

For this scenario, the quasisymmetry objective has no s-dependent or
m-dependent weighting of the Boozer amplitudes.  In stellopt, this is
achieved by setting sigma < 0.

The objective function is:

f = (aspect - 6)^2 + (iota + 0.47)^2 + sum_{m,n}(B_{m,n} / B0)^2

where the sum is over all quasisymmetry-breaking modes, B_{m,n} are
the amplitudes of |B| in Boozer coordinates. The normalizing field is

B0 = sqrt(\sum_{m,n} B_{m,n}^2)

where now the sum includes only quasisymmetric modes.

The number of least-squares terms in the objective function is 1042 in
stellopt. This large number is a function of the Fourier resolution in
Boozer coordinates. The number of residuals in simsopt is slightly
smaller, 1010. The difference is due to the fact that stellopt
includes terms corresponding to all the Boozer modes, not just the
non-symmetric ones, with the symmetric modes set to 0; simsopt
includes only the non-symmetric modes in the residual vector.

Note that `vmec_axis_option="vmec"` in the stellopt cases. This
ensures that the same initialization of the magnetic axis is used in
stellopt and simsopt. If the axis is initialized differently, the
Boozer harmonics turn out a little different.

The parameter space has 24 dimensions:

rc(0,1)
rc(0,2)
rc(1,-2)
rc(1,-1)
rc(1,0)
rc(1,1)
rc(1,2)
rc(2,-2)
rc(2,-1)
rc(2,0)
rc(2,1)
rc(2,2)
zs(0,1)
zs(0,2)
zs(1,-2)
zs(1,-1)
zs(1,0)
zs(1,1)
zs(1,2)
zs(2,-2)
zs(2,-1)
zs(2,0)
zs(2,1)
zs(2,2)

where m comes before n (opposite to stellopt/vmec notation). Note that
the order of the degrees of freedom is not the same in stellopt and
simsopt.

The "*_1iter" and "*_cold_start" directories for this example are
initialized with a circular-cross-section boundary shape, with rc(0,1)
and zs(0,1) set to a positive value (0.15) to provide some rotational
transform.  At this initial condition, B0 = 8.20764568, f = 1.3452855,
iota_edge = -0.06564537, and aspect ratio = 4.91473187.  See
stellopt_1iter/stellopt.nfp2_QA for the initial Boozer amplitudes.

As mentioned above, different optima are found depending on the
initial condition and optimization algorithm. See each subdirectory
for details of the optimum found for that code, algorithm, and initial
condition.

